# `zoomies`
## About

`zoomies` is a script that takes a list of NationStates regions, sorts them by update order, and informs the user when
the game API reports they have updated.

## Usage

**DO NOT RUN TWO INSTANCES OF `zoomies` AT THE SAME TIME.**

```
Options:
  -m, --main-nation <MAIN_NATION>  
  -p, --poll-speed <POLL_SPEED>    
      --filepath <FILEPATH>        
      --webhook <WEBHOOK>          
      --raidfile <RAIDFILE>        [possible values: true, false]
  -h, --help                       Print help
  -V, --version                    Print version
```

`zoomies` presently has two operating modes, triggerlist mode and raidfile mode.

In triggerlist mode, `zoomies` requires a list of regions to trigger on in `trigger_list.txt` - if this file does exist, the program will create a file for you, and advise you to fill it out.
Each trigger should be on it's own line.

To start in raidfile mode, `zoomies` requires the `--raidfile true` argument, and it is advised to use `--filepath filename.txt`.

Trigger Lists and Raid Files generated by [Quickdraw](https://aptenodyte.github.io/Quickdraw/) are both supported using these operating modes.

`zoomies` will prompt you for your main nation - this is used exclusively to identify the current user of the script to NS' admin.
This prompted can be bypassed with the `-m` argument, by entering `-m nation_name`

`zoomies` will then prompt you for a poll rate. It is recommended you use a poll speed of 650ms, however you can go higher.
This prompt can be bypassed with the `-p` argument, by entering `-p 650` for example.

## Acknowledgments

The following people provided key contributions during the initial development process:

* `zoomies` is based on KATT by [Khronion](https://github.com/Khronion)
* [rootabeta](https://github.com/rootabeta) is the entire reason this exists

## Disclaimer

Any individual using a script-based NationStates API tool is responsible for ensuring it complies with the latest version of the [API Terms of Use](https://www.nationstates.net/pages/api.html#terms). `zoomies` is designed to comply with these rules under reasonable use conditions, but the authors are not responsible for any unintended or erroneous program behavior that breaks these rules.

Never run more than one program that uses the NationStates API at once. Doing so will likely cause your IP address to exceed the API rate limit, which will in turn cause both programs to fail.
